Answer the following questions:


1.) What are the names and uses of Java's eight primitive types?
    boolean- represents true/false values
    byte- 8-bit integer
    char- character
    double- double-precision floating point
    float- single-precision floating point
    int- integer
    long- long integer
    short- short integer

2.) How do you declare and initialize an int variable called "x" with the value 42.
    int x = 42;

3.) What happens if you initialize a double variable with the value of a int?
    no information is lost, because it is a widening conversion

4.) How do you set an int variable to the value of a double?
    by casting it

5.) What are the 5 arithmetic operators?
    +, -, *, /, %

6.) What are Relational operators used for? What is the result of using a relational operator?
    to test relationships that values have with one another. The result is a true or false result

7.) Demonstrate the use of a Relational operator.
    if (i < j) System.out.println("i < j");

8.) What logical operators used for? What is the result of using a logical operator?
    Logical operators refer to the ways in which true or false values can be connected together. The result of a logical
    operation is of type boolean.

9.) Demonstrate the use of a logical operator.
    if (b1 & b2) sout("this won't execute");

10.) How can you use the shorthand addition operator to add 10 to a variable "x"?
     x+=10

11.) What data type is a String?
     String is not a data type.

12.) Are string mutable?
     No

13.) How do you concatenate Strings?
     with the + operator

14.) Can you cast and int to a String or a String to an int? Why or why not?
     No, they are incompatible

15.) What is an array?

16.) What is the first index of an array?

17.) Can you change the size of an array once it has been declared and initialized?

18.) How do you print the 5th element in an array "exampleArray"?

19.) What are the two ways you can declare and initialize an array? Demonstrate both.

20.) How do you iterate through a multidimensional array?

21.) What is the for-each loop used for?

